hello guys shut up g1
this is not a good night today 2727 we myself 19 hours ago I was in
event about avenue cj humberto
martins does not delay a little bit is sorry all elisângela me close to
pounds language and the right of several here that will talk a little bit about well
different from the 3rd and I will try to be the fastest as soon
possible right to see if you can finish with our friend of the young pan power
comment something there folks we have it must now little verbs today
in the afternoon foz do iguaçu ah ok let's see the expansion of the runway
foz do iguaçu airport of more than 600 on this floor increase another 600 half
just to be able to take planes of bigger ones right instead of the people who sell clothes
from other countries there instead of landing in argentina did not have a goal the
catanas so yours will now be able to land in brazil but a few months will be
completed this the present with me there too the tarciso boy is having his
miss but as there is an airstrip right there we also see you see you see
doubling airport access is a runway more or less
it is a small distance more even gives access not only I am not the file of
this in the region of the falls also the duplication of br 469 is 9 km from the lagoon
a small br is missing what another moves us and out of curiosity is that I'm
with gilson here inside the act the smallest highway in brazil is there fernando de
noronha 7.2 km i will have that one me and damaris damaris let's start here look
what does your superior ministry built brought to brazil more
spectacular ministry and that it is a dream of the Brazilian family their ministry of
woman of the human rights family and we come with a backbone in this
ministry the protection of life from life from conception and human rights
for everyone and we’ve been working hard with eight national secretariats
starting with the child ending there in the global protection passing through the elderly
disabled people women and youth which is the focus of this government the
investment in youth a police station to do what to congratulate the
because now we’re also working in Brazil with
human rights for the victim is a campaign pledge from the lord that
we would be taking care of the victim and we are working and typing
congratulate the policemen who are doing their job and working at
family of the victims and looks at the president has been the positive outcome could
understand what the victims' families are needing at the moment of chaos in the
the moment of the accident at the time of the murder at the time of a persecution
it has been an extraordinary role for the state to accompany the victim
completely huge of assignments what in the past
and he was even the Brazilian population there, people spoke badly about human rights in
Brazil, you know, I used to say that inhumane is the right of healthy people to
margin of law and that changed there from the camera mass length thank you very much for
have accepted the challenge of speaking, you can't believe rape of a party
child is the biggest violence in Brazil today
registered is against children ours says that it is always identified that it receives
all reports of violence in brazil and human rights violations
first place is violence against children second place
president is violence against elderly Brazil attention few will be of the
violence against the elderly, but this government is giving priority to the agenda of the
third place of violence against people with disabilities and when the
people get to the child theme violence the biggest violence is the neglect a
psychological physical violence and after sexual violence and then president has
people saying that this pedophilia story is a small talk on the right
they even said president that you and I are making up that there is
pedophilia which is a new speech from the right read the report says that
have pedofil the city in Brazil and I'm not
making a thought that I slept president because I am the minister not
I did this a long time ago, you know that, in fact, that was one of the
reasons that the president brought to the government and violence against children
sexual violence today we are facing a tragedy that is rape
of newborns and when I speak newborn the president is a little baby
8 days 7 days we have a 7 day baby study record in brazil and
it broke out in the last five years it broke out and we're dealing with it is
that and I have a very sad news president to give to you in that
right now my national secretary for children's rights is at the event
online to warn that in Brazil it is already possible to pay to watch the abuse and
a child live online attention brazil we are facing chaos this
it is not the intention of the right and that is hi and the federal police gave the error the
ministry of justice and our ministry is going to confront the
sexual violence in this online world and has been getting worse and worse president
it is human rights, it is confrontation and child protection is
and not even imagine it now but there was a website called linked to a minister
do not speak her name please and he is very clear
and the story is as follows if you and walking around saw someone abusing a
child you must not take that angel neighborhood to a police station yes to
the hospital in there should be submitted to the side as soon as even if he
has suffered a disorder he must to the hospital wants to say something to
speak the name here I don’t remember and I mean the following we don’t accept
relativize everything I wanted in this government, pedophilia doesn’t relativize you don’t
justification is not minimized and pedophilia is not explained if it faces no
come up with this story to say and we’re going to put everything in the picture of illness
we will not we will face as a crime and organized crime the president there
an image of a baby in brazil being abused can force between 50 and 100 thousand
I mean that this is organized crime and we have to do it
and secretly that they are millions of reais and in this child pornography industry
and to my sadness president in brazil is producing images for the
all over the world I want to strive is soy president I want to export is meat is
chicken I don't want to hear the image of a child being abused and we're
coping is in Brazil a website or 100 texts are being generated
about the president of rio de janeiro was arrested a man a German is the week
removed that he had over 30 thousand videos of study abuse including
president along with the videos attached objects that introduced me to the child he
not soup trip but eating they introduced objects in child we are before
people of cruelty here we are talking about life being offered by
through this criminal network that the child pornography network now its
many presidents are fighting the minister because she doesn't want to
see and in the past three weeks president I
so I turned something of all kinds of attention chase that is entering the
wave of persecution the mass who is behind who is financing this
industry is rich but this government is not afraid of organized crime and we
will be doing treatment that we will save the babies we have strategies that the
we cannot speak here live strategies very well organized for
do in confronting this network and we’re going to get everybody president
and this our deputy to speak to the deputy the president this our new
Minister of Justice is brave and brave, he is doing a job in confronting the
pedophilia in davis get ready you will see the work of minister andré da
mass damares together in the protection of childhood and
it is but not only in the case the federal police p with the highway police trf giving souza
to speak now the mouse spoke to me about the work of the prf in the apprehension of
drugs and weapons there in that region that has a clean border to stop
in paraguay, we know about him, there's a lot of service there, and I caught andré mendonça
along with the general director of the pf, they were there a few days ago in paraguay
destroying marijuana plantations in the joint operation with paraguay and
object to confusion very well thank goodness we have resource problems you
it was also time that you and you who are president the prf also have treatment a
pedophilia on the roads is pf against object map keep an eye on the work
of the prf in combating the sexual exploitation of children and adolescents and now together with
in arms also everybody together all the bones president of the government of the
us to all bones could kids are without
glass and risk class you see that the snake's concern around the
classes this scared presidents i'm scared because the violence
against women on our channels has increased the number of complaints on the seal
president to violence against registered women increased by 660 there when the
people go to say that there is a report of violence against the child fell
seventeen percent but it ended not what happens the next the child doesn't
alone denounces who came the violence against the child is the teacher is a
pastor is a club owner is the third and the child is now inside
ninety percent of sexual violence against children happens saga
we are concerned president with back to school what child are we going to
receiving at school is what is happening within
some homes in Brazil that we don’t know what the child cannot get
the little baby can't pick up the phone and call is when they come back
to day care what awaits after pandemic this quarantine president I
I assure you we will have numbers after the pandemic with everything else
normality scary numbers of violence against children in brazil i
I am worried and with the minister of education we are with another one
back to school program for people to try to identify violence
committed against children during the period of their anemia according to
and he is the director general of ms he told concurs days that we cannot choose
between lives economy is a false choice academy is an economy health alert
they are separately there behind spoke right we have two problems right
the issue of the virus and unemployment and treating both at the same time and
with a lot of responsibility there came that little group, right?
the economy recovers life doesn't know what i was saying recover more economy
until my life that is unemployed and you can see i think i can't not
can we guarantee i had to see when the father a highway i'm mill and a half two
hours highway complementing the ram the arrow at the road police station
federal government not one of those I was here in the region of mines I talked to the head of
prf post he said he had sent 131 to the boys on the track is run over
but I ask them there that you are the one and then, right, she will deliver the ones from
idea and then what is the root cause of this I have no way to prove but the
the suicidal principle this is depression is the person who asks
job at home the woman loses her job has children etc and enters whats
despair despair downhill right and ends up practicing the right suicide is more
one is also because I found today the French Prime Minister is this bra
with us she doesn't speak english nor french ok he says the following that she saw a
woman in the presidency the worst of all is that it is
jean castex almost cost, right, the worst of all is that we are going to sink because we don’t
we are resuming activities in an economic and social crisis that
it would be much more dangerous than the child everything is here has no ball
crystal you are a smart person a normal person there behind the word
look hello be very careful I've suffered but not
we can give a remedy such that the side effect is more harmful than
alive himself and unfortunately we have this problem we have been in the news
here son here was name of paulo guedes what economy is reacting to
Expect it to happen really, right, and we’re going to throw emergency aid
by the end of the year I said last week 600 times is bad it's just hit and
way will live that you and your reals is a lot for who pays is a lot for the father
who pays is not me who pays the country and look here some lines this money is
our no money is yours is indebtedness you will get the money
in the borrowed bank the money is yours you feel like turning brazil is out
division are also 50 billion per month of the image nothing I wanted 50 billion in hand
in tarcísio he I think the bull of my hand of the year practically
it would solve the big problems of the structure of brazil and the budget of the
tarcísio this year that will now enter the forecast if eight billion already budget or
eight billion reais for structure is giving 50 per month in debt is that
the person who begins to see everything that is a place loses the rest of Brazil cannot
miss the brief you don’t have to talk the economic link paulo guedes can’t
keep the third real talk 200 is too little and too much and I say has sense is too little
so booking is a lot for those who pay, so people of evil do not see them
children also says that they are watching now augusto nunes and his
colleagues he knows they make comments mind afterwards our program is healthy
repair our fault like that and have to criticize
ah but it does with a lot of responsibility right so we can’t continue
doubting an idea between 200 and 600 reais by the end of the years that when it was
created is for three months this right there I spent the classic some want your more
four it's impossible to break brazil we lost confidence
good and we have to notice the work but I don't want almost anyone for the money
lost your job right so let's blame you I won't do it
then you know everyone is aware of what happened that exaggerated it was
beyond the limit, right, that politician who is very concerned about your life is right
there is the collection of wax work in life now I stopped to take a broth
cane there the government of the ratinho beach near it another one and mouth of the iguaçu he
the people got there now but now the young man who was he saying that
in desperate information here losing everything that is tourism region is right and the
closes everything closes including jozu last year is closed restaurants
road
what 1,000 2,000 km taking food for the guga will he will feed like
arriving this absurdity thinking that it leaves your world closed, the joseph says goodbye
I'm leaving hem bye to say you lift me all responsibility how are you
seeing we are now seeing how things there in your house have a survey here
I will also say that they are right but talk about the states here you are
to avoid controversy right the states that didn’t accept I don’t want and don’t ask
in return here in the pro federal government almost half of the states didn’t just ask
the states more left right the governors it seems that some some
were against me and solve another by whatsapp with that light
if you want to give today or virus you are so what am I here at right away
attention early life-saving treatment remembers that I went there in that small town
in the interior of piauí going through brazil talking about early treatment is a solution we
we could have prevented many deaths in brazil president warned us we warned is
early treatment does not stay at home seek treatment immediately and
look and anything calls there on dial 100 that we talk to you
president many calls on the patient's complaint 100 dial-in is the right of the
patient to treatment and we need to repeat here that this is human rights
is why I get involved in this story is because I am the crazy minister not
because the lack of human rights is mine and it is the patient's right to
treatment and discuss it in the light of human rights and something else autonomy
doctor in brazil we are going to have to discuss a lot about
that president human rights and average autonomy over there it is decided that
going to be patient mini-skirt is the doctor cheered to hear us subject to
simulate back in the guetta protocol even though the rope here we just
could be taught with the patient in serious condition I sent that word will
home with feeling short of breath from the to the hospital runs inside the go maybe
could down the glue here give it to the guy say there are people here the doctors
here a meeting with time a little more cms your week here than when you
serious condition no longer has an effect there changed the side of my building the
presidency 200 and few servers and I also took the glass I don't know how
this treat there I think so the knowledge that I have the great
most um treated I'm already here in the nobody went to the hospital
and nobody went to anyone nobody was piped 200 and few people the most varied
Flávio's ages now it's me plus ten ministers I also get gilson here
got here da da is for you okay and even the business does not have the medicine as
scientific proof then the doctor decides you take too long
and the consequences the chance of death increases alarmingly
and continuing here it’s more expensive than the plague, I’m not, I have lived for many years
northeast so i chose to be northeastern president sergipe a hug for my
sergipe state how beautiful wonderful he was calling the president let's see
there a factory of a power plant, right, even the electric gas four times more
cheaper than that of diesel, right, for example in roraima and we are
taking advantage of this gas that was often the conductor reinjected in the post of some
day my google case is burned alive in the body a long time ago it is being burned the
gas that she produced now, now we use it there and gas is also coming
out right but see now that you can leave the party that provokes right there and
paraguaçu rio grande do norte and i wanted to talk to the people right
people say that I'm abusing is my doctor is going to take trouble is mine just ok
it was mine there I like the people there with my knife during the part of my
I was among the people also without any problem on my part and who
visit my life it's me nobody has to guess my life here okay
in itaguaçu rio grande do norte curiosity i don't know here we are
almost in brazil it spends almost 1 billion reais a year with the water tank and the
army I brought I am not mistaken 90 there in the late 90's was to stay
one or two years to 20 years the one taking care of these conditions we have a
budget problem is lacking the water tanker feature we don’t
we want to spend two or three months without taking the water to these people who live
there a nursery in the sertão there is more or less like then itaguaçu in azalea
we opened the well of the artesian well curiosity in that region of the farm 70
the family that lived there looks only at the person 70 families
and it was a 45 kite car a month gives a kite car e-mail a day how much has a
car that reality paternity owes beauty so 15 thousand liters of water per
day 15,000 is 15 water tanks, right 15kg used for 70 the youngest family you
see your final wear bill for the final water of the month mine in the bar I
the two children at home were on average 35 cubic meters so there was only one
of those was already a month what 35 families were already also imagine how it is that
economy of going there so in this community 10 45 tankers per month for even
approximate cost of 12 thousand reias has to pay for that car broke down so we stayed
free of this community among others besides several wells being drilled per month
here and also when you take this water of course there is more water in the community
better people's health is and reminding the president that water human rights
basic sanitation human rights and it is good to talk about it because
Now Brazil is aware of what human rights really are President
basic sanitation is human rights and the bolsonaro government is the
right which is the government of the preservation of human rights i
the village of 88 thousand an hour
the focus of brazil 12 thousand political pages four thousand young pan news young pan news
10,000 the total of 270,000 people watching us here thanks when it's over
here psol put on the young pan to watch the
comments is from the interior of the river and it’s not just on Thursday hello guys, it’s
cool and developing journalism starts Monday to Friday Monday at
times 9:00 the bed free newspaper you will be pleased to hear right no
eat a television there that only has a tv at funeral which is just death in this [ __ ]
until 8 there 18:18 diseases until 22 hours come on with augusto nunes ana maria
vital brawn usa marine uses i'm not going to talk about the manipulation of
globe here another collection, we did that event but without a doctor and
had agreed with the 10 that they asked for an address there is a help, right?
president do not know what not not if everyone the invitation as adults if
care about the lives of others, you know, but it's okay not to touch the
boat but it got ugly for him has a the mind
the skin and he writes a sentence here and goes to the headline tomorrow go play
just look I'm going to end up with god you talk to you it's not happening here in
cell I'm very nice we world raising cut 86 for
compete put the newspaper his funeral will not fall will also fall will have
question here question for some is and then
and there and there
not everything that looks much more numerous
it is what it is
and I want to thank you for the question, it’s good to remember that no less than 10 percent of
sexual violence against children is denounced so when I say that in
ministry has 88,000 cases of violence against children and 17,000
is pedophilia multiply that by no less than 10 percent of cases are
reportedly and unfortunately but 89 percent of student presidents is within
home and what we have been asking for the whole society to help us
denouncing we now deliver to brazil a channel for receiving
complaint that runs until dial 100 and how are the people assumed the president
they were 40 minutes on the line to talk now it's less than 20 seconds also for
application through the website the complaint not only in the dial 100 as the police but we
create a protective network neighboring vigilant teachers
the educators vigilant everybody any sign that the child emits sign
president the child emits a signal that something is wrong with him is resigns
venuncia is the way for people who reach the child and our
ministry offered in brazil the best channel for receiving complaints
and I answer that way everyone says that without a call for us we will protect
children in brazil the right is easy augusto really to treat
of this subject in the clinic happens at home many times the woman there she is
pressured, right, she is humiliated, violated too, and she has nowhere to run and
often ends up suffering doing ends silence enduring all his
humiliation and does not denounce and afraid to go to her husband or partner to leave
home is to be in need of bigger ones because there is no way to survive that
asks if you use the letter
and thank you chairman the amnesty committee is indeed flagship one is
truth we go from the previous governments a disregard for the amnesties they
announced a very small group and very high values ​​of their having an idea
president there are more than 9 thousand applications that remained for his
government for us to analyze how many elderly people died emily if
including him the recognition of amnesty I have a request from 2002
that I will still analyze the picture is serious and we have a lot to analyze but
we are applying the law and we are being fair to each
requirement i believe that one more goes a long time there to analyze all
that the commission meets once a month there to use we have technical chambers groups
but we have a huge number but justice is being served
applied and we are also reviewing some indemnities which is an order
ronaldo we are these fab cables in millionaire indemnities that were
granted we are reviewing in this government now only from the ex-cables of the fab
but we have a lot to do yet the president of the most spoke that is
fulfilled the law I know how these times were done does not speak even at the time of
en was in front of the presidency 10 to benefit
your friends who might already be there to ask for compensation that suffered some
thing we know this then no regime is perfect you don't fool me anymore have
about 40 thousand this year, brazil has a lot of knots since the more than 12 billion
of reais in damages in brazil president of the sky if i am not mistaken the
38 thousand licensees to too many people abuse and how did she do the process the most
discharge the president has long been a very subjective judgment depends a lot
of the commission so when they are they thought they deserved they deserved when I say that
I'm applying the law is that the requirements have to go with proof
and then I'm applying the law because I want proof that there was persecution and that
the person deserves or not the recognition of advertised so we are applying
the law being together and too much our judgments are transparent the
people can follow all ligaments and president and there in the middle
there are some public goods already in my hand the car of
ex-president dilma is still with me also a request from ex-president squid and
also from some authorities here who are still there asking them and but
let's analyze it is a too complex commission the president already had
finished this is met all the requirements but believes that still
today there are people applying for jobs today 2020 requiring some
thing from 1964 so people are very complex a lot of energy there but we
we are applying the law and whoever does not agree with my decision look in the
justice its recognition but there in our ministry the body is the perfect
and the justice being applied is not easy to rely on sometimes it is
the self-declaration of almost was one I reached up to 12 million three
damages the already approved 13 million lawyer the lawyer is good to advocate against
union someone from the union to defend who this wonder is happening because I
I'm not going to tell the second husband to dilma rousseff or
carlos araujo see what he said, you know what he was doing right after he thought that
dilma rousseff then you start to judge if he said it wasn't me
no i will not speak here for you not to be reduced to anything what he said if
I'm not mistaken about four minutes ago he said he did what he did together
with his wife dilma rousseff with getting married back there
there are more or less 70s friends right there and not to mention also the first
husband of one who is in mexico it is good for you to know this story i will not
talk here that I want to quarrel with anyone about a plane that came from
argentina to brazil here on the screen use this applique this citizen did with
this plane gets one went to stop it went north but it didn’t go to the
mexico comes to the state it becomes a little before a small island right
so see how this collection of lychee the good today real follow
with all due respect and it’s not because your child is
subject in that way she is complying with the law is there in the lion thank you I am also
thank you because there present article 86 of the condition she is not going to sense
responsibility right these things right back in Brazil right with 40 thousand people in
street that gives and organization to was arrested by the police
I don't know what to ask for my afternoon job but I'm thinking here it is
also indemnity ok ok mole ok lives advocate at sarah but cast has more
dangerous from the fab he asked for compensation claiming that in the 60's who
and little bet was chasing him when I caught his age that I
I went back to the year of the concierge he was six years old so we
saw there was a lot that was a labor action and they were in the
amnesty commission so there was a lot of misinterpretation there I didn’t
know if it was a lawyer induced but i'm also granting him afterwards every
thousand I channel sometimes one succeeds because it really proved that at that time
has a chase at work and set up a political chase but
labor action in labor justice right in my ministry not then the diet
our a secret session there in bed
work right and he takes time to realize that it was in there it was combining
personal testimony from araguaia combining
and so it was to deal with these issues 38 thousand a left for the love of god
answer me again i will answer what you had 40,000 men is not
willing to take the government of the country 40,000 gives to take a personal place
everybody passion right the knife in your mouth you can take it in the zap here they will not be able
mesão has more has more I have a time to go back and talk maria trindade
i
[Music] your story of buying the girl 10
years and then the adult what hi hi
and this possibility of abortion will not the bolsonaro government will not present
no proposal to change current abortion legislation this is a matter for the
national congress national congress that decides what we're going to do over there
especially in this case continue to follow and we protect this
girl in everything she needs and even know if she will be better
with the family or somewhere else but we’re going to give this girl a follow-up
until the end of the investigations and there are many answers in this case that we
we are still looking for and so she is one of hundreds of girls with
less than 14 years pregnant in brazil president when we entered that
program to talk about early sex in Brazil we were criticized that it was
abstinence and that i was a religious i know what i'm talking about the
children are the next sexual sooner and later
in this car it was abuse it was this double but we also have a great
motivation for the erotization of children in Brazil and we have to face the
disabling child in Brazil by saints here but about twenty
percent of footsteps in brazil are children between 9 and 18 years old is
more or less this happens more or less it’s very high we’ve even
managed to reduce early pregnancy in brazil president from
from 15 years old to 19 years younger than 15 years old we can't reduce the pregnancy
early in Brazil we were dancing very dumb why we are going to have to
to be incisive in combating is to raise awareness about the risk of sex
precocious that not only generates pregnancy president pregnancy is one of the
consequences of early sex the pregnancy is but it has the simple president we
we are in a very bad time classics in brazil and simple leaves the cells
simple teenagers blinds attention daddy and mommy illnesses guys
there are free sexually transmitted diseases so we
need to talk to adults that early sex it’s not only pregnancy has
other sequelae and also the emotional sequelae with a 12 year old girl if
taken to sex earlier and earlier he’s old ah but they’re doing
sex between them lie is adult with child and then it goes to the other side
which is a crime is pedophilia this is a complex issue in how
to deal with that, I said that it seems like care never enters, right, a child of 9 and
18 years old has a lot of nine-story child girl here is grateful for what
and I certainly don't know that yesterday I left more focused on one of
child is the city of servant the president is is the number is very large the
all over Brazil the early pregnancy in Brazil that raped this girl that
minor under 14 who has sex with a child with less
from 14 even though she fair is rape I remember he switching to two is not
exact wanted to decrease to and then president had the courage to
present the written project 12 but behind the scenes attention brazil but advisor
will speak now backstage were talking 12 was on paper but let's
debate if it is not better to put 10 I sheep debate from the pt government if it was ok
choosing 15 wasn’t behind and changes the penal code, I don’t know anymore
thousand articles there and there in the middle I can't do that
realities was 2012 and they had to approve by the end of 2012 remember
because we, because in 2013 and even the Confederations Cup there, I could come to
Brazil get the girl up there 12 years old legally and 2014 until the World Cup
so I could legally get a boy and girl in Brazil if it weren't for some
warriors in those backstage in president that we didn't have there
called me crazy it's possible that he was in Brazil and had more
I don’t know it wasn’t just the age of sex, it doesn’t clear if the case of prostitution was for
also legalize and there was an air in the paragraph closes if those that have
boys and girls under twelve pear then over 12 run away so
a move on the proposal and that was there in the Senate
still speak here in tse a minister proposed there to hunt a date a councilwoman
and from goiás good harsh abuse of religious power this
councilwoman was an evangelical at the evangelical church event there at the service she asked
asked asked and here the minister of tse asked her this land I'm already with him
voted in favor, right, lost 6 to 6, two, but the personal return begins to
wear out more and more shoot at Christian
the [ __ ], right? If you take the religion out of society, you hurt the
family eroding values ​​is easier for you to take power than a
society is a everybody fight with everybody you can be a great benefactor or
you can do is a Democrat's up and you take on the
power using the weapons of and then I didn’t support it for a long time
after their conversion more actor marco feliciano now no i gave a
force that managed to stay with her for a while
way that provoke low is not even then lost the power to start
entrance get there in their field and the story of the gay kit 'nothing against you only
for god's sake but from the moment he goes to school
it got complicated it was late 2010 we are going to start appearing in this collection of
family values ​​up to the key that they began to feel the weight, right, of tradition
of conservatism in brazil so this is what happened happened with my
collection nor are they having a miracle of the stab, you know, who managed to survive thanks to
god and then practically a miracle is also perfect just talk about fake news
I was slaughtered all the time by fascist or non-phobic already
and xenophobic doesn’t like the plague goat doesn’t like women okay doesn’t like
paunchy her with beating all the time any word my family
mind right by the business there from the old wellington quiet then you get something
roberto a joke i made a friend of mine right 15 at 225g one thing ok
weighing the seven arrobas is difficult there is a joke that she said about me
I had the blow here all the time
it's fine no president it's good afternoon from god let me tell you something the
macho president the president who signed 15 laws now protecting the
woman is the government that left seven houses of the Brazilian woman and goes
handing over 27 is the government that is presenting public policies of
protection of women never lack of women was taken as seriously in brazil as
in this government and president detail all women and here with our
fisheries secretary I want to talk about women shellfish gatherers was the government
bolsonaro who brought shellfish women to a level with a
professional activity women who have been left behind their entire lives
this was the moment that they called sexist is the government that protects
women and I am proud president and a woman will be ministered within the
I flew the sauce and it will still be there
what's up
and then I wanted to know that you are
and it also appeared today I took some 300 photos there at the mouth of the iguaçu during the
campaign here thinks 500 pictures cooked because I have chicken that a photo of
someone who did something stupid or is accused, right?
I wasn’t expected it would happen I knew clean flower in
2013 i went to the event and met her personally but i eat millions of
Brazilians went to the cinema to watch her film and today I saw that the actors
reduce the majority are actors from around the globe expressing sadness because they
made the film the story she told Brazil and told the
mother give a beautiful story of adoption 2013 met her I fell in love with that
story a lot of adopted child and when she was elected deputy me
he already looked for that he ministers and even before assuming he looked for me there in
senate another talk about adoption my li
say guys tip of adoption i'm sad we don't have to wait for the
final result but it does have a president looks like the police report is
robust indignant to have used the faith used the brothers church the church
Brazilian church is a serious church outraged very sad she deceived all of Brazil is
one of our the evangelical segment she deceived the whole nation we are
very sad about it and now we will wait for the result of justice but I just
I wanted to ask for something that the adoption agenda was not tightened with this
absurd story of this woman who used to tell the child about the adoption agenda
can be affected we will continue adopting in Brazil we will continue
putting adoption of our heart we are all very sad and I speak
more and sad indignant but let's wait now for the decision of the justice photo
of the fleur de lis talk to me now that I'm beating here
we have bruno leather there is no problem here is upset that friendly
also took a picture with him back on the internet okay but one thing is just a
young pan thank you very much I know you are praying from you there a lot
hi carlos accompanied right to the side is very good I invite here who's in
my social networks go to young clan will watch the program pingo nos is das
six at 8:00 am daily a journalist problem that we seriously
independent and that really conveys what happens in Brazil to all of you
I was from damares only message pingo doce if you want to know the bill of law
reform of the penal code that we talked about is the two three and a half bars 2012
senate can still download the original and the report the rapporteur you took this but
hit there and take a look and hug and